Generic docs overhaul (#820)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/generic/docs/using_website_en.md

# Using the Archipelago website to set up multiworlds

This guide describes how to generate and host multiworld games on the Archipelago website. This guide
should only take a few minutes to read.

## Generating, then hosting a multiworld on the website

> First, make sure each player has their config files finished and saved to their computers.

Reviewer: Helps to repeat the same verbs to aid in memory. "Creating a config file"
```suggestion
Make sure each player has their config files created and saved to their computers.
```
